Now we implemented the functionality for submitting the request and it is time to add the test for this
requirement.
So opening the sign up component spec is so just copying the previous test and pasting here.
The steps are similar.
So in this one we say it sends username, email and password to backend after clicking the button.
So we will be filling the form for all of these fields.
So like in this one we are filling only the password and password repeat.
But we will also do the same thing for the other fields.
And this is username input and its username.
And the other one is email input, IDs, email.
Then we will fill those as well.
So just copying.
The one for the password input.
So this is going to be for.
Username input and let's say the value will be user one and for email input it's going to be user one
at Malcolm.
So at this point we filled the form, then the button is enabled, then we are going to click to this
button and for clicking we can do this we call button click.
So in the application after clicking the button, we are making API call and that is triggering an HTTP
request to be sent to our backend.
But in tests we cannot rely on to a real HTTP request going to backend.
If we forget to start the back end, then the test will fail.
But that doesn't mean we have problems with our application implementation.
So to get consistent test results, instead of relying to an external service like this back end for
this case, we will mark the behavior of the HTTP client we are using.
So we are using fetch and we will mock its behavior.
So we are going to replace the fetch with a mock function so we can do it right here, like before we
do anything else else we call spy on this is a function coming with Jasmine and we are going to spy
on the function coming from the window.
So the fetch is part of the browser and it is in window and the functionality is fetch.
And we can assign this to a variable.
Let's call this one a spy.
Now after clicking the button, we can get the values from the SPI so we can access to the cold history
like spy spies the variable.
And from this one we can get the calls.
This is the cold history of the that spy function.
And from this one we can access to the arguments that's being passed to that function call and we can
access to those via this all args function.
But we are going to click the button one time.
So we will get the first arguments of this call history.
So let's get the first one from this array and let's call this one as arcs.
And from this arcs, these, these are the representation of the arguments we are passing to the fetch.
So the first one is the, the URL, the second one is the request in IT object.
And basically we are going to check this one, the body object.
We are going to check the content of the body object so we can get the, let's say, second parameter
and the arcs array is having.
First one is this one and the second one is this object.
So let's get the second one like this.
And again, this is request in it type of object.
And from this one, we can get second perm.
Here we see the body.
So this body is containing this thing, but this is going to be a string.
So, like, we need to do something like this.
We expect this second body, the second parent body to equal or equal to an object.
But again, we will compare with the string version of the object.
So let's say it's going to be JSON string ify and let's create the object we are looking for.
By the way, we can remove this one.
So in the object we will have username and that's going to be this one.
We type user one.
So it's going to be user one and the email field, it's going to be user one at Macomb.
And the last one is password.
It's going to be pass word.
So this is the test.
And let's switch to the karma window and saving this one.
This is failing.
I made a mistake here.
It's not the first one.
We are looking for the second.
And the first one is the the URL.
And the second one is the actual object we are looking for.
So it is going to be ARX one and let's save this.
Now this one is again failing because we created the string like this.
The first one is the username, second one is the password and the last one is email and we need to
do the same ordering here like this.
Let's save it.
Now the test is passing.
So that's how we would test the scenario in default test setup.